Update docs (#476)
scidsg/hushline: docs/1-getting-started.md

# Getting Started as a Hush Line Operator

Hush Line is a free and open-source, whistleblowing platform for organizations or individuals. It's intended for journalists and newsrooms to offer a public tip line, by educators and school administrators to provide students with a safe way to report potentially sensitive information, or employers, Board rooms, and C-suites for anonymous employee reporting.

## Contents

1. [Email Encryption](#email-encryption)
2. [Message Forwarding](#message-forwarding)

## Email Encryption

> We strongly encourage all Hush Line operators to add a PGP key to ensure messages are only technically accessible by the key owner. 

Reviewer: "technically" catches my attention reading this. What about something like:
```suggestion
We strongly encourage all Hush Line operators to add a PGP key to ensure messages are encrypted, only readable by the key owner if the database is compromised. 
```

We'll use Mailvelope, an open-source, cross-browser extension that allows you to decrypt messages directly in the app.

### Step 1: Get the extension

Mailvelope is available in Firefox and Chrome and we'll use Firefox as our example. First, click on the menu icon with three horizontal lines in the top right of your browser. Then select "Add-ons and themes".

![step1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b8a64098-9c89-4c64-a7bc-bda3bf6e884f)

### Step 2: Search for Mailvelope

In the search bar at the top of the screen, enter `Mailvelope` and select the correct result.

![step2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/615b2516-18f5-4946-8fdb-7dc07272bfe7)

### Step 3: Create a key

#### Pin the extension

First, we'll pin the extension to our toolbar. Click on the puzzle piece icon, then the settings gear icon for Mailvelope. Select "Pin to Toolbar." When the icon appears, click it, then select "Let's start!".

![step3](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ce1eac41-b4ad-4048-b5a2-765fbb5cb36c)

#### Generate your key

> In the Setup dashboard, click on the "Generate key" button. Add a name for your key, your email address, and a strong password. Before clicking "Generate," click on the "Advanced" button. In the Algorithm picklist, choose "ECC - Curve25519". Now, generate your key!

Reviewer: If we're telling folks to do something "advanced" we should give them a reason why
```suggestion
In the Setup dashboard, click on the "Generate key" button. Add a name for your key, your email address, and a strong password. Before clicking "Generate," click on the "Advanced" button. In the Algorithm picklist, choose "ECC - Curve25519". This algorithm is more efficient that traditional RSA encryption while providing a similar level of security. Now, generate your key!
```
